[MUSIC]
We'll continue in this lecture on how
to register your application that's
going to use a Twitter API.
So we need to do that
before we can actually
interact with the Twitter servers.
So, you've already clicked
on create new app.
Now you get a window that
looks something like this.
Create an application,
that's what it says at the top, and
there's some text boxes for you to fill
in information about the application.
So, you start filling in and,
of these text boxes,
some of them have stars next to them,
like name and description and
website, those have stars next to them,
you have to fill those out.
So you can give it any name,
any description.
I think the description has to be
at least ten characters long and
it has a minimum limit.
And then it has a website.
Now, for the website, any website is fine.
It doesn't matter what website.
I use UCI.edu, I think.
It doesn't matter, really, what website.
And now, when you're making a real Twitter
app that you want to put out there and
have people access, then you might
want to have a relevant website,
a website that really has,
maybe at that website you put information
about your app and how to use it.
But right now, for our testing purposes,
any website is fine.
Then, at the bottom of this page,
you can't see it here, but
if you scroll down at the bottom,
there's a button that
says Create Twitter Application, and
you click on that after you've filled in
all the text boxes that you need to
fill in, you click on that button.
So, this button it starts off
with a window looks like this.
My app was called iangharrisapp.
And it gives you some application details,
the initial information, it gives you
permissions and stuff like these,
read-write, which by the way,
read-write should be default.
It was for me.
And that's what we'll want for this,
because we're going to actually
want to write tweets and retweets so.
But that shouldn't be a problem.
It should be default setting.
But you can look around and
see information.
Now, the details, a bunch of details.
Now, the consumer key,
you'll notice down there in red,
I have boxed off at the bottom,
I've blanked out this consumer key, right?
because you don't need
to see my consumer key.
Consumer key is one of those four
keys that you're going to need.
That's one of them right there.
So there's a set of other information,
if you scroll down,
other information about your app.
But that consumer key will eventually be
necessary, so you'll want to record that.
You can record it all at the end if you
want to, once you've gotten all the keys,
you can just record them all then, but
that's going to be one of the data
that you're going to need.
So now to get the other keys, what you're
going to want to do is go to the Keys and
Access Tokens tab.
So if you see, right under the name
of the app, iangharrisapp,
right under the name of that, there
are four words for tabs, essentially.
So I circled one of them in red,
keys and access tokens.
You click on that Keys and
Access Tokens tab,
so you can go and actually access,
and get the rest of the tokens.
So, when you go there,
it looks something like this.
And on this page it'll
show you two things.
The consumer key, which we saw before,
and the consumer secret.
So that's another key
that you need to record.
So I've blanked both of those out for
me, but
those are two of the four keys you want.
So that information's there.
It's not everything, though.
There's other information.
Still you're going to need
to create access tokens.
So, at the bottom there's a button
that says create my access token.
So, you click on that button, and
this is where it's going to give
you two more access tokens.
So then,
you get a screen that looks like this.
And you can see there
this access token and
access token secret,
which I have again blanked out in red.
So those two are the other two keys
that you're going to need, right.
So, now you've got four keys total
that you're going to need in your app.
So make sure you record all those keys.
And once you reconnect,
you log in again and reconnect,
you can get those keys again.
Just make sure you take down those keys.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]